


PayCaddy sends webhooks to your callback URLs for the following notifications:
	•	**TRXs Notifications**, enlisted via Notification Enlist POST
	•	**Credit Movements Notifications**, also enlisted via Notification Enlist POST
	•	**Integrated KYC Notifications**, enlisted manually by our onboarding team during integration.



---

## Notification Enlist <font color="green">POST</font>

**Request URL:** https://api.paycaddy.dev/v1/NotificationEnlist

The transactions generated by the Mastercard network by cards created in the NeoBank API are detailed in notifications via webhook that must be stored in a database to be consumed in a transaction management module.

These notifications are sent to a dedicated URL shared with the PayCaddy team securely by consuming the **NotificationsEnlist POST** endpoint. For the clients that uses our credit core, a new field named **creditNotificationsURL** was added, where is expected another dedicated URL to receive notifications related with the credit core, that contemplate information such as interests, executed values and amount owed.

!!!Tip
    We **strongly** recommend to use differents addresses for **URL** and **creditNotificationURL** even though the endpoint accepts the same value for both

The structure of the call employed to enlist a URL to receive **Transaction Notifications and Credit Notifications** is detailed below:

=== "Request"
    ```json
    {
        "URL": "string",
        "Password": "string",
        "apiKey": "string",
        "creditNotificationsURL": "string"
    }
    ```
=== "Response"
    ```json
    {
        "id": "string",
        "clientid": "string",
        "Message": "Enlist created",
        "URL": "string",
        "apiKey": "",
        "creditNotificationsURL": "string",
        "creationDate": "2024-08-06T09:24:57.4887257+00:00"
    }
    ```

The values for **apiKey** and **password** are optional, it is only necessary if the URL value has an authentication method to receive the webhooks. If not necessary an apiKey, it can be left as an empty value, between quotes, or not be included on the request. Although the **Password** can be send as an empty value or string, but must be included on the request body.

During integration, once the NotificationEnlist POST call is successfully made, a test should be managed with the PayCaddy integration team to verify the successful reception of transaction payloads.

---
